In the last section we put together a new component for showing a card.
The current purpose is just to look nice and wrap some other existing component as well.
So it's going to be enhancing our viewer to Hansing the style of our application in some fashion with
re-access applications if you have any background with that.
It's kind of rare to make a component that just adds some amount of styling.
But in re-act native because we want to have some reuse of style throughout our codebase and we don't
have the benefit of separate CSSA files.
It's a little bit more common to make standalone components whose sole purpose is to add some styling
into the application.
So let's add in some sense let's add in some styling here area member.
Our goal for adding styling or the approach to use underneath the component we add a new object called
styles that will be an object and then we'll give it a single property.
And in this case we call it container style.
Now I'm going to call this specifically a container style because it's going to be some styling that
we're adding to this view tag right here and the whole purpose is you tag is to just wrap some other
component.
And so you can kind of think of it as being like a container.
And so that's where I'm coming from with this word container cell right here.
One thing I want to throw out there the names of all the style properties that we use throughout the
course completely arbitrary.
I'm just kind of picking them not necessarily at random you know I'm putting some thought into it but
you can change it from container style to anything else you might want to have so totally up to you.
Now I want to make apologize or I want to apologize right now because we're going to add a lot of styles
to this container style right here a lot of typing.
So let's just get to it.
We'll just power through all the styling.
Once you've done it I think we'll both be really happy to be done.
So let's get started.
First off we're going to give this card a border so we'll assign a border with one.
This says put a border around the component and give it a pixel width of one.
So a nice thin border around the outside.
Next we'll give it a border radius of two a border radius says at any corners of my component rounded
them off nicely.
So it just kind of rounded edges rounded corners excuse me.
Next a border color of DDD.
So this border color right here is going to give us a nice light gray border along the outside.
And finally for the border.
We'll give it a border bottom with a zero.
So we assign the border with them of one up above.
But for the bottom of the border the bottom segment we're saying don't give it with just hide the border
entirely.
So the reason for this is related to the parts section or card item component that we're going to work
on later.
So there is a reason the word kind of zeroing out the border there.
We'll discuss it once we get to that card item.
So that's it for borders.
Next we'll get this thing a shadow.
The purpose of the shadow is just to give the thing a little bit of pop or a little bit of elevation
appearance to it right.
It just makes it feel like the heart is something you get kind of picked up and drag off the screen.
So start off with a shadow color of 000 a shadow offset with the with a zero and a height of two.
Remember that the shadow offset specifies what side we want the shadow to be on.
So I don't want any shadow on the left and right side.
But I do want a height to the shadow so it's going to appear to have some shadowing to the bottom.
Next we'll give a shadow opacity of 0.1 theory called the Shadow a house is what is used to kind of
give darkness or kind of light opacity is really about making a component or an item see through.
So to speak by applying opacity to a very dark color it kind of lightens it up a little bit.
We can go anywhere from zero to one with the opacity giving a point one gives it just kind of a very
nice light gray color to it.
Knacks for the shadow radius will give a to so two pixels for the radius a shattered radius right here
is just like the border radius so that the corners of the shadow around them off nicely.
And this is really important because it's going to map out nicely with the border radius as well.
If we had a border radius of two but then the shadow was like you know had square edges or square corners.
It would just look really goofy.
And so that's why we're assigning a shadow radius here as well.
Next is the elevation.
We'll talk about why we have elevation later on and then we'll give some margin so a margin left to
five a margin right of five and a margin top.
A 10 these margin settings right here behave the exact same way as they do with normal CSX.
They're used to just place some spacing in between components so a margin left in a margin right.
Says a give me some space in gets left and right hand sides of the device in the actual screen and then
the margin top is related to when we show a card in the list.
So if you have some list of cards we want to make sure that there is some reasonable spacing in between
each one so they don't just kind of all stack right on top of each other.
And so that's why we give it a margin top of 10.
Good the last step.
Now we're going to apply this container style to our view tag.
So on that view tag I will say style.
Make sure you do not say styles it's not plural.
Singular here and then into their pastilles Daut container style and all new line the view tag as well
of course something as Slint air.
Here it says Capones should be closing if they don't have any contents.
We actually are going to add some contents in here very shortly in the next section.
So let's take a quick break and talk about exactly how we're going to use a card component like you
know this one right here to wrap some other component.
So let's take a quick quick break and take care of that in the next section.